and one in four is addicted to
tattoos is so strong your addiction what
you see everywhere is an art
appreciated by different ages you will see
tattooed people of all social classes
they exist leave them like this today is the pain
if you are brave people here I have something
better than last for life live already
color remembers that a tattoo on your
presentation your body is an unusual
To paint with ink and needles I'm going to
prove there is no part of your body that
I can not scratch if you just leave me not
you will regret some just want
Take your money from other tattooists
they steal your design they do rude things
without putting effort if you bring something wrong
made here I'll fix it statue of
tribal style sculpture let's go tell me
what do you expect to life tattoo things
that you want we can design not only
with the house
this part is culture a millennial art
the embroidery africa if the people of
neighborhood let's tell me what do you expect at the same time
to act the best style designs more
slow if it's about designs the net not
we stop checking the sample with the
that we work from which saleh is acted
this will be a fact when you finish
will be satisfied here the holy death
is where it comes to life I put some
retouching becomes a catrina to the
Goblins and fairies are not fantasy
the most perfect strokes made to the
measured the Aztec calendar tattooed on
your back without growing the prophet better
May be the maya or may you prefer to
emiliano zapata have mounted on their
horse looks good pirates you like them
the details if you want to surprise what
it would look like the name of a woman who
go accompanied by a cute thought
the kind of details that remove the
encouragement to act you sculpture of
tribal style let's tell me what do you expect
It's fine days to act the thing that you
you want we can design not only with the
sheet is also looking to try to
an ancient art structure carries it
the Aztecs and the local people we
tell me what is expected
for sale of the best style designs
annoying the Chicano culture is what
more reflects good and bad times at
edge represents so when both sides
in the form of failing only while one
smile the other one is crying a laugh
macabre the one that matters the jokers
they have a gun or a motorcycle a cigar
t
that's how the street show you
annihilates with bullets and betrayals adds
to the climbs of the spider soles
marked on your elbows the name of your
neighborhood perched on your shoulders your plate
with a 13 3 points crazy life the dice
in your chest since your luck is few
is the adelitas with a tremendous
neckline look pretty well showing
its stir the Mexican woman in all her
splendor or you might prefer a
charra best tattoo sculpture style
of I'm bad let's go tell me what are you waiting for
life all the things that you want
We can design not only with the needle
we also follow capital art sculpture
an ancient art is cut by the Aztecs
and the people of the neighborhood, let me tell you what
you expect for sale to tattoo the best
style designs
Holds short holds when cutting with
team